This directory provides codes that helped in the learning of the usage of functions and nested loops in C.<br />
 0. _putchar: a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line. <br/>
1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game: a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.<br/>
2. 10 x alphabet: a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.<br />
3. islower: a function that checks for lowercase character.<br />
4. isalpha: Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.<br />
5. Sign: Write a function that prints the sign of a number. <br/>
6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you: Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.<br />
7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important mandatory Write a function that prints the last digit of a numbr.<br />
8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life. Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59. <br />
9. Learn your times table: Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.<br />
10. a + b: Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.<br />
11. 98 Battery Street, the OG: Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.<br />
12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself: Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.<br />
13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women.If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line. <br />
14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A. Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.<br />
15. Even Liber Abbaci. Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, write a function that prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, separated by a comma followed by a space. <br />












